Question 0: What is the URL of your python flask_restfull code on github???
    https://github.com/Chase-Warwick/CMPUT404-Lab-7

Question 1: How are Flask and Django different? What does Django provide for you that Flask does not?
    From a cursory glance flask seems to be more light weight and more do it yourself than Django.
    Django offers a restful api module but they also offer front end modules to display the data,
    handle data with their own database interface, create the schema for the database from 
    their model module. It seems like Django does quite a bit more so I might just be touching
    the surface here.

Question 2: What does REST stand for? When I say something is RESTful, what does that mean?
    REST stands for representational state transfer. Which is a standard which allows for communication
    between systems. If something is RESTful it means that it follows the REST standard which implies
    that the RESTful thing is stateless, and seperates the concerns of client and server. This allows for
    abstraction of server side and client side logic which makes the system as a whole more modular.

Question 3: What does CRUD stand for? For each letter in CRUD, give the associated HTTP method.
    CRUD stands for create, read, update and delete.
    Create is associated with PUT
    read is associated with GET
    update is associated with POST
    delete is associated with DELETE

Question 4: What do HTTP 1XX Status Codes mean? HTTP 2xx? HTTP 3xx? HTTP 4xx? HTTP 5xx?
    HTTP 1XX is for an informational response such as switching protocols
    HTTP 2XX is for success
    HTTP 3XX is for redirection
    HTTP 4XX is for client/user based errors
    HTTP 5XX is for server based errors

Question 5: What is an XSS attack? Provide one way a site can be vulneratble to an XSS attack.
    An XSS attack is a cross site scripting attack which means that a vunerability
    which allowed for injection of client side scripts. If a site does not sanitize user input before
    using it that would be a vunerability which could be exploited for an XSS attack.

Question 6: What does CORS stand for? What situation in web application development will you need to implement CORS protection?
    CORS stands for cross origin resource sharing. CORS protections should be implemented when you are

    not using simple requests such as:
        GET, 
        POST,
        HEAD 
    The user can set headers manually which are not:
        Accept, 
        Accept-Language, 
        Content-Language,
        Content-Type 
    The web application allows for content-type to be set as something other than:
        application/x-www-form-urlencoded
        multipart/form-data
        text/plain
    Or if a readable stream object is used in the request.

    Essentially any requests which have implications for user data should be preflighted using CORS.
